README.md, before:

# Simple behaviour networks

Simple behaviour networks are a type of behaviour-based agent 

## Introduction 
Simple behaviour networks is an example of Behaviour-based artificial intelligence. The main idea is controlling the behaviour of a robot with a network of interconnected modules, each of which encapsulates a skill. Each module is defined by a relatively small set of simple rules.


## Background

Simple behaviour networks build from the early work of [Pattie Maes](https://www.media.mit.edu/people/pattie/overview/) and the view of distributed architectures to control robots put forward by [Rodney Brooks](https://people.csail.mit.edu/brooks/), as well as from the extensions proposed by [Klaus Dorer](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=f4r7JbMAAAAJ&hl=de).



I used this kind of architecture in [my PhD](https://joanllobera.github.io/files/lloberaPhD2012.pdf) to control the behaviour of virtual reality characters, and show they could be compelled to coordinate their behavior to satisfy a pre-defined story plot. 
Later, a grant of the [Hasler Foundation](https://haslerstiftung.ch/en/welcome-to-the-hasler-foundation/) gave me the time and ressources needed to port it to Unity3D, a game engine commonly used for VR development.

Commit message:

Added preprint of paper and some background

README.md, after:

# Simple behaviour networks

Simple behaviour networks are a type of behaviour-based agent 

## Introduction

Simple behaviour networks is an example of Behaviour-based artificial intelligence. The main idea is controlling the behaviour of a robot with a network of interconnected modules, each of which encapsulates a skill. Each module is defined by a relatively small set of simple rules.

## Background

I used this kind of architecture in [my PhD](https://joanllobera.github.io/files/lloberaPhD2012.pdf) to control the behaviour of virtual reality characters, and show they could be compelled to coordinate their behavior to satisfy a pre-defined story plot. 

Later, a grant of the [Hasler Foundation](https://haslerstiftung.ch/en/welcome-to-the-hasler-foundation/) while a postdoc at gave me the time and ressources needed to port it to Unity3D, a game engine commonly used for VR development. 

Simple behaviour networks build from the early work of [Pattie Maes](https://www.media.mit.edu/people/pattie/overview/) and the view of distributed architectures to control robots put forward by [Rodney Brooks](https://people.csail.mit.edu/brooks/), as well as from the extensions proposed by [Klaus Dorer](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=f4r7JbMAAAAJ&hl=de).

The formal definition of simple behaviour networks can be found in [this paper] submitted in 2016 (https://doi.org/10.1109/TCIAIG.2017.2755699) (with a freely accessible pre-print [here](./files/SBN_preprint_final_version.pdf).
